The Joe Rogan experience.
There's something special. And we're going to kick this off with a bang.
Oh yeah. Something I don't know about something you don't know about,
but we'll get into it. Okay. Yeah. Special. Yeah.
Tell me you can do it now. Sure. Awesome. Let's do it. What's happening.
Well, you and your team, you, uh, picked fight for the forgotten,
uh, my nonprofit as charity of choice with Buffalo trace. Yes.
And we're going to do something really special for all your fans. Oh. But first,
um, I want to do something. I talked with Beau Beckman, his great grandfather,
his great-grandfather I think his name is like T H I dunno,
Eckert or something like that. He, um,
he started basically the modern day bourbon in America.
So anyways, I asked him, I was talking with Bo and say,
could we do something special for Joe?
And he was like, yeah, what do you, what are you thinking?
And so I talked to them, my buddy Ryan, who's the vice president of our board.
And we thought about it. And we were like,
what if we could get a barrel from Buffalo trace and we could give it to
Joe.
And so we thought we do a sample tasting for you and you get to pick
a single barrel select, basically, I guess I'm not a whiskey kind of sewer,
but basically you're about to be able to do a wine or not wine,
but whiskey tasting really,
you're gonna be able to pick out your own Buffalo trace barrel that doesn't
taste like any of the rest. What I didn't know about barrels of whiskey is that,
what is it? They come from like 70 to 90 year old trees.
And then each one of them starts off as kind of like this moonshine looking it's
clear when they put it in the barrels. But then the,
the taste of whiskey comes from like 67% of the taste comes from the barrel
itself. Really? Yeah. But the trees are all different trees, right?
So those things, I think they call them staves or something.
It's like a 28 to 35 of those things that make the barrel.
But they come from all these different tree. Lots. Yeah. The wood slats. Um,
and so they all taste different every barrel,
whenever it's a single select barrel. So I guess like,
what you do at Buffalo trace is they take a bunch of those barrels and they put
them all in there together. So it has one consistent taste.
But whenever you just take one barrel, it's always a unique flavor. Okay.
So we've got a few of them for you to try whiskey nerds. I'm not a whiskey nerd,
but here we go. Here's going to be sample one.
And did you put that maybe to the left to right?
Yeah. But here here's the idea. I'm going to get hammered again,
need glasses. We got them right here. I got them right here.
They'll help us out. So did you like here's with water in it or no. No.
What am I? Well, this,
this is the idea or this is how we wanted to say thank you is you have to pick
your own thing. Yup. Here's the glass. Oh, this is hilarious,
but this is why we're doing it. It's nerdy. Sure. And this is.
Don't worry. It's not a negative.
Yeah. Here. Here's why we're doing it is.
We wanted to say thank you from fight for the forgotten and Buffalo trace,
because we're about to do this big raffle for fight for the forgotten,
but you'll get 220 bottles yourself from whatever whiskey you
choose. 220.
Bottles of whiskey. Yeah. But what we're going to do, you trying to kill me?
No, we're trying to give you a gift that you can give your guests.
If you'd like to have the Joe Rogan experience logo on it.
I have a thank you from fight for the forgotten. So.
This is sample number one. That's sample number.
One, going to the left with sample number.
One, sample number one. We'll give a little right there.
And then.
It's going to be a real problem. This episode, I'm going to start crying.
This is sample number two. Okay. And I can tell you about them actually.
Can you really, a little bit specifically.
I like how they come in these little like whiskey flask type deal.
Yeah.
So they took this straight from the barrel and each one of these should have a
very distinct or different taste. And so basically you can choose it.
I mean, you can figure out, I don't know if you want me to take notes.
That's real nerdy, but they gave me one of these. Oh, those are great.
Guys. What is it? Nurse Hanson tastes.
New barrel. 1, 2, 3, 4.
No, no, no, no, no. Are you going to remember that this right here?
But at the time I get to Vail three, it's just guesswork. I did a pot,
a tasting thing. Once it was a tasting cannabis. Yeah. It was a, um,
cannabis cup. I was one of the judges. It was ridiculous.
I was a obliterated,
but by the time I got to like the third or fourth choice,
I had no idea where I was. I'm like, I couldn't feel my legs. All right.
So let's try number one.
The sample number one is seven years and nine months old. Okay.
Came from warehouse, L four on the fourth floor. It tastes good.
It tastes good. Very.
Good. So now you would have.
To choose if you want this place. They make a good whiskey. Yeah, they do.
All right. And they've been so good to us.
That's number one. Now I'll try. Number two.
I feel like such a dork. I'm smelling it and. Like, you know,
I didn't do that at wa like if I buy a glass of wine at a restaurant,
they poured for you. They let you smell it. I don't know what the I'm doing.
I pretend you would know.
I I've. I've asked that too. Cause I used to serve it. I'd be like,
why aren't people doing this? This seems so dumb.
No one's ever given one back on a rare occasion.
You have to send one back because.
Uh, one time I did have to send the glass back by the glass because I think they
added open too long. I was like, I'm just saying I never do this.
But I go with this tastes like vinegar. It was terrible. Yeah. Rarely happen.
But,
but I think that was at a place where the bottle was just sitting around for
like a couple of weeks or something and nobody had ordered it. Oh, here we go.
Number two, number two.
This one is eight years. Three months old.
Very good too.
Which one do you like between the two? Do you know?
They're both really good. I don't know. Yeah, they do make good whiskey.
Like you T you can taste the difference. Like some people, like,
how do you tell what's the difference is this.
Is how Bo said it. All you got to do is like,
if you have four pancakes in front of you, keep it simple.
Which pancake do you like the best.
Pancakes?
It was three. Yep. Three has got a nice taste. That's that's a little unusual.
Is it ranked three.
Is eight years. Two months old.
So three the oldest.
Uh, actually two's the oldest. So far, eight years, three months.
Two and three are my favorites.
Two and three.
We talk one guessing if you gave me one and said it was three,
I'd be like amazing. I have good tastes.
So you could see if one has more character and like a bolder flavor.
One that you think your friends would enjoy more that don't know much about
whiskey.
They're all the same.
They're all the same online.
I'm lying to these people. I can't tell the difference. They're all great.
I think three was slightly different.
Through a slightly different, but they're all tastes.
Like really good whiskey.
Do I need to take two? All right.
Here we go. We're going to do two and three. I narrowed it down two and three,
but that's just like, if you gave me a bottle of one and told me it was three,
I'd be like, perfect. I really wouldn't know. Okay. I'm just lying. Here we go.
Here's three.
It's real good. All right. Here's two.
I mean, maybe there's a slight difference between two and three.
Let's just go with three. That's a good number three is a magic number.
According to de LA soul.
Three is the magic number.
And that one was born October 25th, 2012. All right. Perfect.
Cause that's when it was born. Yay.
So the base of what we're gonna do is we're gonna be able to do that and make
you a bottle of 220 bottles and we'll have the Joe Rogan experience logo on it.
Then you can give it to your, your guests as a thank you for you.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expense.